"I wrote this code myself but I used the p2.c outline 
 in the lecture notes to jump start my p2.c 
 As errors occured I often googled syntax and used websites like
 stackoverflow.com and various other that lead me to 
 fix my code." I also emailed Dr. Caroll for help and hints on this program and 
 he has given me very good help that has lead me to finish it. 

Notes:
-The documentation of p2.h explains the methods and their input and output values. Throughout the p2.c code there is various comments explaining how things work which serve more as a reminder and aid for myself.
-My program has a total of 

Decisions:
Started off using global big buffer and new argv arrays but my code was broken and I got frustrated and stared alover using parameters for these values and it was more complicated as we now have parameters that need to point to the global variables. I wanted to make major components of the program modular so I would be able to pinpoint the error if it happened. It was more overhead but I think it was worth it.
For the order of my code I have parse and main as the primarily methods but there are helper methods.   

Errors that are ambiguous commands are flagged with errors sent to stderr with perror.



As of right now my code is finished, has no known bugs and 
does produce the correct output which has been verified
by the autograder. It doesn't not include the last 3 points for the correct implementation of vertical piping or the points for the quality of the documentation. .

References:
CS 570 Lecture notes pg.3 exec1.c
		     pg.4 fork1.c
		     pg.5 fork.c
		     pg.6 pipe.c
		     pg.7 dup.c
		     pg.8 dup2.c
		     pg.9 sig.c
		     pg.10 sighandler.c
		     pg.17 parsing the command line
		     pg.18 Arguments to main()
		     pg.19 arg.c
		     pg.20-21 file descriptor


Linix man pages mentioned in the leture notes
	dup2(2), execvp(3), chdir(2), getenv(3), exit(3), fork(3), open(2), perror(3), wait(2), 
	access(2), pipe(2), fflush(3), sigaction(3), signal(2), setpgid(2), getpgrp(2), and killpg(2).
		
Stackoverflow.com
	"What does “dereferencing” a pointer
		 https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4955198https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4955198/what-does-dereferencing-a-pointer-mean/what-does-dereferencing-a-pointer-mean	
	"Break in a do while loop"
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/12217014/break-in-do-while-loop"


Loyal College in Maryland CS 702 Operating System 
	
http://www.cs.loyola.edu/~jglenn/702/S2005/Examples/index.html
